Add support for TERMINATED test status, meaning the suite was terminated with
SIGINT or SIGTERM. Ignore SIGINT/SIGTERM in tests which are waiting for
suites/tests to finish. Terminate the whole suite if a suite/test finishes
with TERMINATED, similarly to panic.

Add verification of the suite and test construction validity. E.g. check if
shell initialization corresponds to the type of shell being entered, that it
is done at exactly the right bash level, that any test command is being
executed within appropriately-initialized shell, that appropriate ep_*end is
called, etc.

Consider implementing ep_glob_valid or ep_glob_is_valid for checking pattern
validity. This might require pattern "compilation" and common library.

Consider adding support for disabling ep_abort_assert execution to improve
performance. Measure the difference.

Add support for remote test execution. Make the shell stdout be the log pipe
specified through the appropriate environment variables.

Add support for entering interactive mode before/after a specific or a failed
test.

Consider adding abbreviated interface support:
    ep_s
    ep_si
    ep_sb
    ep_se
    ep_t
    ep_ti
    ep_tb
    ep_te

Console logging should be done to stdout. Stderr should receive only
pre-logging error messages and out-of-band framework errors.

Consider adding status explanations to the human-summary sink.

Use the following log structure:
STRUCT BEGIN 'path' description
       END   'path' status reason
OUTPUT line
TRACE line

There should only be such top level tags as make sense to be separate
filtering levels.

Attach descriptions to external environment variables and add support for
"--help-env" option, which prints them.

Don't ignore skipped command exit status, verify that it skipped itself by
checking for specific exit status.

Output assertion path on beginning/entrance, overwriting previous, append
status on exit/end in ep_log_cook.

Add support for breakpoints invoked with ep_break [name].

Think about making a vim syntax highlighting for main framework functions.

Think about introducing assertion dependencies.

Think about making ep_abort_if_not arguments eval arguments.

Think about introducing WAIVED and SKIPPED assertions with STRUCT BEGIN.

Consider replacing _ with - in executable names.

Consider adding an ep_env executable producing a script setting the
installation-dependent veriables.

Add tracing support.

Add "ep_log_cite" tool to the log pipe, right after "ep_log_mix". The tool
should cite last output line as the possible failure reason in STRUCT END
messages if there was none. Remove citing from "ep_log_cook".

Consider reporting WAIVED tests with rlReport "..." WARN in ep_log_beakerlib.

Think how to automate test independency test - running every test separately.
